--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190206 Let's Play a Board Game! A "bored" game is anything but!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[TEXT]
What better way to spend time with friends than pitting your wits against theirs
with a board game?
But which one? Oook no further than the iconic board game, Monopoly.
Available in around 40 different languages and hundreds of editions, tha popular 
game gets its name from the economic term monopoly.
In the game, players want to collect as much real estate as possible to increase 
their wealth and bankrupt others. 
Players can strategize, but luck may favor any player at any time.
The family favorite game was modified several times before becoming the 
Monopoly we know today.

iconic /aɪˈkɑnɪk/ adj. 具有代表性的
acting as a sign or symbol of something
- Steve Jobs is one of the iconic figures in the world of mobile devices.
- The Grand Hotel is an iconic building that many tourists like to visit when 
  they come to Taipei.

icon: A famous person or thing that people admire and see as symbol of a 
particular idea, way of life, etc.

strategize v. 制定战略 / strategy n.
- Our marketing team spent months strategizing how to promote this new product.
- The CEO always comes earlier than his staff, to spend time planning and 
strategizing in his office.

anything but: definitely not
- The hotel was anything but cheap.
- It wasn't cheap. Anything but.

What better way to do something than to do something else ... ?
- What better way to spend my afternoon than relaxing at the beach. 
  I think relaxing on the beach is the best way to spend the afternoon.

to pit somebody/something against something
to test someone or their strength, intelligence, etc. in a struggle or contest 
against someone or something else
pit: make holes

wit: the ability to say or write things that are both smart and amusing

a numbers game

[TEXT]
The genesis of this game goes back to one woman's protest against real monopolies.
In 1904, Elizabeth Magie created the Landlord's Game to teach the importance
of sharing wealth with others.
She created two sets of rules.
The first showed how everyone can benefit when wealth was created.
The other revolved around individuals increasing their own wealth and bankrupting
opponents.
Her intention was to illustrate that the first version - 
the one where players share their wealth - was morally superior to the second one.
However, the latter became the more popular of the two.

genesis: /ˈdʒɛnəsəs/ n. the beginning or origin of something
- Through the ages, many scientists have tried to find the genesis of the universe.

opponent: 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190207 Let's Play a Board Game! A "bored" game is anything but!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[TEXT]
Since ancient times, board games have both challenged and amused people.
In most cultures, board games were a form of entertainment in addition to being 
an extension of teaching morals and values.
Some widely known board games were originally aimed at sharing beliefs.
Monopoly originally taught people about the evils of amassing wealth at others'
expense.
The Game of Life emphasized living a good life rather than becoming a millionaire.
Snakes and Ladders initially had more snakes than ladders, and was a reminder 
that sometimes it's easier to do wrong than right.
Over time, the morality of these games and others were less emphasized, and today, 
board games are recognized for their entertainment value.

ladder /ˈlædər/  梯子

amass /əˈmæs/ v.
to collect something, especially in large quantities
- He amassed a fortune from silver mining.
- They amassed enough evidence to convict her.
- It took years for the couple to amass sufficient money to buy their first house.
amassment n.
The country's amassment of troops near the border caused lots of tension.


convict /kənˈvɪkt/ v.
to decide and state officially in court that someone is guilty of a crime
- a convicted murderer
- He was convicted of fraud.
- There wasn't enough evidence to convict her

fraud /frɔd/ n.
the crime of cheating someone in order to get money or goods illegally
- She was charged with credit card fraud.
- property that has been obtained by fraud
- a $100 million fraud

morality /məˈrælət̮i/ n.
1. principles concerning right and wrong or good and bad behavior
   - matters of public / private morality
   - Standards of morality seem to be dropping.
   - Parents are responsible for teaching children standards of morality.

moral adj. and n.

in addition to ... = as well as 

at someone's expense
1. paid for by someone
   - We were taken out for dinner at the company's expense.
2. if you make a joke at someone's expense, you laugh at them and make them 
   feel silly

a good life

in the cards / on the cards
likely to happen
- The merger has been in the cards for some time now.

[TEXT]
In today's digital age, there has been a resurgence of tabletop board games.
Humans like tangibility and feedback.
Drawing a card, rolling dice and moving pieces on a board provides those things 
in a way a screen does not.
Game playing also allows for personal interactions that digital games cannot offer.
Childhood favorites remain popular, and a whole new array of games have come onto 
the market.
All these provide opportunities for much fun in the company of friends.

resurgence /rɪˈsərdʒəns/ n.
the return and growth of an activity that had stopped
- a resurgence of interest in the artist's work

resurge v.

tangibility 有形, 可接触性, 確切性
- On-line shopping cannot provide the real tangibility of products
- The evidence the defendant provided doesn't have enough tangibility to prove
  his innocence.
  
tangible /ˈtændʒəbl/ adj.
1. that can be clearly seen to exist
   - The new commercial hasn't brought any tangible increase in the sales.
   
2. that you can touch and feel


childhood favorite: a lot of kids likes

the market 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190208 Test-Taking Tips: How to handle your next test
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[TEXT]
Passing tests is a huge part of succeeding at school.
Clearly, if you want to do well on a test, you need to prepare by learning the 
material. 
But other actions can help make test-taking easier.
JUST BREATHE
Even the best prepared student sometimes gets nervous before a test.
Nervous feelings can cause people to forget facts that they know.
So one important test-taking tip is to try to relax.

nervousness
relaxation

to handle 
how do you handle stress

clearly

to pass the smell test 直觉测试 是否值得信任
(idiomatic) An informal method for determining whether something is authentic, 
credible, or ethical, by using one's common sense or sense of propriety. 
An inspection of an object using the sense of smell, as for freshness of food.

to pass the sniff test
- His idea was exciting hut it didn't pass the sniff test for the boss.
- Your shirt doesn't pass the sniff test. Please wash it!

[TEXT]
Breathing deeply is helpful for this.
So is moving you body slightly, such as by rolling your shoulders around.
Try to arrive for a test a few minutes early, so you can relax before it starts.
My father once gave me a helpful piece of advice.
He said that if your stomach feels queasy, that's not actually bad.
That's the result of your body producing adrenaline, which gives you energy to 
succeed.
It might help to tell yourself that you're excited, instead of nervous.
That will help you think more positively, relax and do better.

queasy /ˈkwizi/ adj. 
1.  feeling sick; wanting to vomit = nauseous
	- traveling by boat makes me queasy.
	- His stomach still felt fqueasy and he was grateful for the fresh air.
	- Now that she's pregnant, Samantha feels queasy every time she smells 
	  French fries
	- Many passengers started to feel queasy after the boat sailed into the open 
	  water
	
2.  slightly nervous or worried about something 
	- Now she'd arrived she felt queasy inside.
	
	
adrenaline /əˈdrɛnl̩ən/ n. 腎上腺素
a substance produced in the body when you are excited, afraid, or angry.
It makes the heart beat faster and increases your energy and ability to move 
quickly
- The excitement at the start of a race can really get the adrenaline flowing.
- a rush/surge of adrenaline

to roll your shoulders
shrug your shoulders

piece of advice

to psych yourself up: to make yourself feel excited 讓自己精神振作起來
to prepare someone/yourself mentally for something difficult or unpleasant

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test-Taking Tips
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[TEXT]
Pay Attention to the Time
When you are handed a test, look over all the questions before you begin.
Read them carefullly, noticing details.
Also pay attention to how many points each question is worth.
Divide your time based on the percentage of your grade each question is worth.
First answer questions you know and then go back to the difficult ones.
That way you don't spend too long on one question.

[Language Lab]
in detail: 
- Laura loves to tell her mother about her days at school in detail.

percentage
- What percentage of the workers employed by your company are physically 
  challenged?
  - physically challenged: someone who is physically challenged has a problem
    with their body that makes it difficult for them to do things that other 
    people can do easily
- The percentage of teenagers who only interact on social media is increasing.
- Thfe unemployment rate dropped by 0.5 percent last quarter.

to pay attention to something

to look over == glance
to examine something to see how good, big etc. it is. 
to look quickly at something or someone

each ... is worth

[The Info Cloud]
to stand the test of time 经得起时间的考验
- The Buddhist Scriptures is a book that has stood the test of time.
- My grandparents have been married for 50 years, 
  their marriage has stood the test of time.

[TEXT]
But try to write an answer for every question on the test, even if you're not
sure of the answer.
The only exception is if you will lose points for wrong answers.
If possible, try to finish early so you have time to review your answers and 
correct mistakes.
If you're not sure whether you should change an answer, it's best not to.
More often than not, your first instinct will be correct.
Try Your Best
Above all, study well and try your best.
If you do that, you can be proud of whatever score you get.

[Language Lab]
review something: to carefully examine or consider something again, 
especially so that you can decide whether any changes need to be made.
- Don't forget to review your answers before turning in your test.
- After the incident, the airline's safety procedures are being reviewed.
- Joseph always reviews after each class, and it helps him get good grades.

incident: something that happens, especially something unusual or unpleasant

instinct /ˈɪnstɪŋkt/ n.
1.  instinct for something/for doing something
    instinct to do something
    a natural tendency for people and animals to behave in a particular way, 
    using the knowledge and abilities that they were born with rather than 
    thought or training 
    - maternal instincts 母性本能
    - Once a woman gets pregnant, her maternal instincts will kick in.
        - kick in: to begin to take effect
    - When the detective saw the suspect, his first instinct told him that this 
      guy is guilty.
    - All my instincts warned me to leave this place at once.


2.  instinct that ...
    a feeling that makes you do something or believe that something is true, 
    even though it is not based on facts or reason 

the only exception

Budget your time!

More often than not = usually; in a way that is typical of someone or something
通常情況下

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190211 The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is everything still awesome in Bricksburg?

[TEXT]
Five years age, a group of characters made from LEGO bricks hit the big screen.
Audiences met Emmet, an ordinary construction worker and a positive, caring guy.
His adventures begin when he sees a strange figure on a construction site.
He follows her and discovers a plan that will destroy the LEGO universe.
So he and his friends work together to save it.
Their adventures entertained moviegoers and earned more than $450 million 
dollars at the box office.

[Language Lab]
universe
construction
universal

awesome
Legos

figure
1.  a person of the type mentioned 人士
	- a leading figure in the music industry
	- a political figure

2.	the shape of a person seen from a distance or not clearly 身影
	- a tall figure in black
	- I saw a shadowy figure approaching.

[Info Cloud]
Box Office

[TEXT]
Now those citizens of Bricksburg are back.
They're facing a new threat: Invaders from outer space.
The invaders are wrecking everything, and the people of Bricksburg can't rebuild
fast enough.
Emmet, Kucy, Batman and their friends must work together to stop the invaders.
To do that, the friends must travel far away to strange new worlds.
In one of those worlds, everything is a musical!
They must be creative and test their building skills to save their LEGO universe.

[Language Lab]
threat /θrɛt/ n. 
1.	threat to do something. a statement in which you tell someone that you 
	will punish or harm them, especially if they do not do what you want
	- to make threats against someone
	- She is prepared to carry out her threat to resign.
	- He received death threats from right-wing groups.
	- The country's massive military exercise posed threats to neighboring 
	  nations.

threaten v.
	- The bully used to threaten the boy to pay for his lunch every day.
	
wreck /rɛk/ v. 
1.  wreck something, to damage or destroy something
	- The building had been wrecked by the explosion.
	- The mob wrecked twenty-four cars.
	- The hurricane wrecked this coastal town, and many lost their homes.
	- The affair wrecked the whole family, so the kids now live with their 
	  parents separately.
	
2.  wreck n.
	- Luckily, no one was hurt in the car wreck.
	
mob /mɑb/ n. a large crowd of people, especially one that may become violent or 
cause trouble

hurricane /ˈhərəˌkeɪn/ n. 颶風

[Phrases]
outer space
to rebuild
to do that... 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Valentine's Day Debate
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is Valentine's Day worth celebrating?

Valentine's Day is on February 14th, and it's coming soon!
Dan and Leo are talking about the holiday.
Dan is really looking forward to it.
But Leo thinks there are better ways to show your affection than giving sweet 
treats and expensive flowers.

Dan: It's almost Valentine's Day. I'm so excited!
Leo: Why is that?
Dan: My girlfriend and I have been dating for three years.
     I have planned a Valentine's gift that will blow her mind.
	 I'm giving her a hundred roses and a giant chocolate teddy bear!
Leo: Wow! What an expensive gift.

[Language Lab]
affection /əˈfɛkʃn/  n.
the feeling of liking or loving someone or something very much and caring about 
them
- Children need lots of love and affection.
- He didn't show his wife any affection.
- affection for somebody / something : Superman's affection for Lois Lane
- I have a great affection for New York.
- Oliver confessed his admiration and affection to Joanne on their first date.
	- confess /kənˈfɛs/  v. to admit, especially formally or to the police, 
	  that you have done something wrong or illegal
	  - After hours of questioning, the suspect confessed.
	admiration /ˌædməˈreɪʃn/ n. a feeling of respect and liking for someone or 
	something
- The boy has strong affection for his dog and always wants to stay with it.

affect: to make someone have strong feelings of sadness, anger, etc. 
to use or wear something that is intended to impress other people 感动，打动
- They were deeply affected by the news of her death.
- Try not to let his problems affect you too much.
- Many viewers were deeply affected by this documentary.

blow someone's mind: to produce a very strong pleasant or shocking feeling
使人感到震撼和感动
- The effectiveness and precision of this corporation can really blow you mind.
	- effective adj. 高效的
	- precision /prɪˈsɪʒn/ n. the quality of being exact, accurate, and careful
- The special effects of the movie blew my mind when I first watched it.

mind-blowing adj. very exciting, impressive, or surprising
- mind-blowing invention 
	
debate /dɪˈbeɪt/ 
n. an argument or discussion expressing different opinions 
v. to discuss something, especially formally, before making a decision or finding
a solution

to show affection 表達愛意

love-hate relationship 愛恨交織
a relationship in which your feelings for someone or something are a mixture of 
love and hatred
- She has a love-hare relationship with her job.

hatred /ˈheɪtrəd/ n. a very strong feeling of dislike for someone or something

Dan: She's worth it, and I know she's got something special in mind for me, too.
     We're going to celebrate the day of love with romantic gifts!
Leo: That's great. But don't you think it's a little conventional?
Dan: Conventional? So I guess you bought 200 roses then.
Leo: NO, there's nothing wrong with giving flowers.
     But I just think there are more practical ways to show your love.
Dan: Like what? Do you have Valentine's plans with your girlfriend yet?
Leo: Actually, we decided to skip the holiday this year.
Dan: What? Did you have a fight? Is something wrong? 
Leo: Not at all. It seems to us that the holiday is a little superficial.

[Language Lab]
conventional /kənˈvɛnʃənl/ adj.
following what is traditional or the way something has been done for a long time
- Most conventional Japanese females stop working after they get married and 
  become full-time housewives.
  
superficial /ˌsupərˈfɪʃl/ adj. 淺薄的， 肤浅的， 表层的 
- The book only gives superficial insights of this historic tragedy.
	- tragedy 悲劇
- Nathan admits he's just a superficial guy who judges a girl only by her 
  appearance.
- The cut is quite superficial so no stitches are required.

to have (got) ... in mind

don't you think it's a little + [adj.]? 

to have a fight


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Valentine's Day Debate
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is Valentine's Day worth celebrating?
  
[TEXT]
Dan: I don't follow your logic.
	 Why would you skip the chance to do something special for someone you love?
Leo: I'd rather show my affection on a day that's very special to us.
	 Next month will be the anniversary of the day we met, so we're going to 
	 celebrate that.
Dan: What will you do?
Leo: We'll go to the park where we first met and have a candlelight picnic as 
     the sun is setting. How romantic!
Dan: That would make a great date for Valentine's Day.
Leo: Sure. But that day the park will be crowded with a lot of other couples.
     We'll have it to ourselves on our anniversary.

[Language Lab]
convincing /kənˈvɪnsɪŋ/ adj. that makes someone believe that something is true
convince v. to make someone / yourself believe that something is true
to persuade someone to do something

have something to yourself: 好好享受
- She can have the whole week to herself.
- George was the only passenger in the business class cabin, so he had the whole 
  cabin to himself.

to follow: to understand

to skip: to pass over something on purpose

the sun is setting: 

to get along: 

that would make a great + (n.)

[Info-Cloud]
All is fair in love and war: 
In some situations any type of behavior is acceptable to get what you want
- Mary left her boyfriend to marry Tom. I guess all is fair in love and war.
- Bill Gates was accused of stealing Steve Jobs' idea. All is fair in love and war.
	- accuse: to say that someone has done something wrong or is guilty of 
	          something

[TEXT]
Dan: Why can't Valentine's Day be a special day for you and your girlfriend?
Leo: Because everyone celebrates it. 
Dan: What about Christmas? Everyone celebrates Christmas. Does that mean it's not 
     special?
Leo: That's different. Christmas has deeper meaning.
     Valentine's Day just is not the same.
Dan: Valentine's Day has a special meaning, too!
     It celebrates showing devotion to the people you love.
Leo: That's a nice way of seeing it.
     However, most people just use it as a chance to buy things.
Dan: Sure, But you're showing your love and that's a good idea any day!

[Language Lab]
devotion /dɪˈvoʊʃn/ n. devotion to somebody / something 忠誠
1.  great love, care and support for someone or something
	- His devotion to his wife and family is touching. 很動人
	- Wearing wedding rings is a way for couples to show their devotion to each 
	  other.
	- These volunteers' devotion to caring for the needy is admirable.
	
	
2.  the action of spending a lot of time or energy on something
	- her devotion to duty
	- Her devotion to the job left her with very little free time.

devote to: to give most of your time, energy, attention, etc. to someone or 
something 
- The teacher devoted her life to teaching special education students.

why can't ... 

get along

what about

to prove your point 

... just isn't the same: different and not that good


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apple's First Electric Car
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When will we see Apple cars on the road?
[TEXT]
Apple is famous for its secrecy.
But in 2015, it made a big splash when it approached the California Department 
of Motor Vehicles for permits to test autonomous cars on public roads.
Word got out about Project Titan, which reportedly had an extensive team of 
engineers dedicated to bringing about an autonomous Apple car.
There was a lot of speculation about what Apple could bring to the automotive 
world. Globe shaped wheels, self-tinting windows and unique seating 
configurations were among the promises of what an Apple car would have.

[Language Lab]

secrecy /ˈsikrəsi/ n. 保密
the fact of making sure that nothing is known about something; 
the state of being secret
- the need for absolute secrecy in this matter
- Everyone involved was sworn to secrecy.
- the whole affair is still shrouded in secrecy. 整個事件仍然籠罩在秘密之中。

Word got out
Refers to information that was originally supposed to be kept quiet or limited 
to just a few people was spread to more people until it became more widely known.
- If word gets out about the affair, he will have to resign.

bring about something / bring something about
to make something happen
- What brought about the change in his attitude?

autonomous /ɔˈtɑnəməs/ adj. 獨立自主的
1.  (of a person) able to do things and make decisions without help from anyone 
    else
    - Teachers aim to help children become autonomous learners.

speculation /ˌspɛkyəˈleɪʃn/ n. 推測
1.  the act of forming opinions about what has happened or what might happen 
    without knowing all the facts
	- Speculation about the band's reunion began as soon as they broke up last 
	  year.
	- The secret wedding of the two young idols proved to be pure speculation.
	- There was widespread speculation that she was going to resign.
	- His private life is the subject of much speculation.

speculate /ˈspɛkyəˌleɪt/  v.
1.  to form an opinion about something without knowing all the details or facts
    - We all speculated about the reasons for her resignation.
	- They were all speculating as to the identity of the stranger.
	- It is useless to speculate why he did it.
	- We can speculate that the stone circles were used in some sort of pagan 
	  ceremony.
	- The media is speculating about the making of another sequel to this 
	  sci-fi blockbuster.

splash /splæʃ/ v.
1.  to fall noisily onto a surface
	- Water splashed onto the floor.
	- Rain splashed against the windows.
2.  to make someone or something wet by making water, mud, etc. fall on them/it
    - He splashed cold water on his face.
	- He splashed his face with cold water.
3.  to move through water making drops fly everywhere
4.  to decorate something with areas of bring color, not in a regular pattern

splash n.
1.  the sound of something hitting liquid or of liquid hitting something
    - We heard the splash when she fell into the pool.
2.  a small amount of liquid that falls onto something; the mark that this makes 
    - splashes of water on the floor
	- dark splashes of mud on her skirt
3.  a small area of bright color or light that contrasts with the colors around 
    it 
	- These flowers will give a splash of color throughout the summer.
4.  a small amount of liquid that you add to a drink
	- coffee with just a splash of milk
	- a scotch with a splash of soda

make, cause, etc. a splash: 
to do something in a way that attracts a lot of attention or causes a lot of 
excitement
- Her first book made a big splash.
- Parents still like to make a splash for a daughter's wedding.

attract /əˈtrækt/ v.
1.  if you are attracted by something, it interests you and makes you want it;
    if you are attracted by someone, you like or admire them
	- I had always been attracted by the idea of working abroad.
	- What first attracted me to her was her sense of humor.
2.  to make people have a particular reaction
    - This proposal has attracted a lot of interest.
	- His comments were bound to attract criticism.
	
on/off the radar (screen): used to say that people's attention is on or not on 
something
- The issue of terrorism is back on the radar screen.

[Info Cloud]
Word
- Can I have a word with you.

the last/final word on something: the last comment or decision about something
- The boss has the final word.

the last word (in something). the most recent, fashionable, advanced, etc. thing
- Jenna always wants to have the last word. It makes her feel like she won the 
  argument.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190218 Choosing an MBA Program [Find teh program that's right for you]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[TEXT]
Choosing an MBA program is a big decision. 
With thousands of universities to choose from, finding the right program takes 
time.
So how do you find one that is right for you? 
People attend business school for different reasons. 
Some want to change careers or advance in their current jobs. 
Others want to develop contacts, skills and experience in their fields.
Before choosing a program, know what you want to get out of your studies.

[Language Lab]
MBA: Master of Business Administration

right for you: correct for a particular situation or thing, or for a particular 
person

on the job: while doing a particular job
- No sleeping on the job!
- on-the-job training 在職培訓

to get something out of somebody/something
to gain or obtain something good from someone or something
- She seems to get a lot out of life.
- He always gets the best out of people.

to get out of something
1.  to avoid a responsibility or duty
2.  to stop having a particular habit

[Info Cloud]
Corporate Ladder 企業階梯

[TEXT]
Don't just rely on school rankings.
Learn all you can about the courses you will take and the people who will teach 
them.
Make sure the program you choose offers classes that will help you in your 
future career.
Completing an MBA requires a huge investment of time and money. 
Know what your MBA will really cost - including living expenses, books and travel.
Think about how the program will affect your life.
Contact former MBA students to see if they can offer you any helpful suggestions.

[Language Lab]
ranking /ˈræŋkɪŋ/ n.
1.  the position of someone or something on a scale that shows how good or 
    important they are in relation to other similar people or things, especially 
	in sports
	- He has improved his ranking this season from 67th to 30th.
	- She has retained her No.1 world ranking.
2.  the rankings: an official list showing the best players of a particular 
    sport in order of how successful they are 
	- He is currently 17th in the world rankings.
	
ranking adj. having a high or the highest rank in an organization, etc.
- The scandal involves ranking officers of the government.

to make sure: to confirm

living expense

suggestion vs. advice


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190219 Choosing an MBA Program [Find teh program that's right for you]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[TEXT]
New job, new life
If you want to change careers or industries, working on an MBA full-time may be
the way to go. 
Traditional MBA programs take two years to complete.
These programs can be very expensive, but graduates gain special skills, 
experience and knowledge.
Some schools also offer intensive one-year programs.
Advancing your career
Many professionals want to pursue MBA degrees without quitting work.
If this is you, think about doing a part-time, distance or on-line MBA program.
But be careful. Many employers prefer traditional two-year programs to these 
degrees.

[Language Lab]
pursue /pərˈsu/ pursue something to do something or try to achieve something 
over a period of time
- Sandra moved to LA to pursue her acting career.

pursuit /pərˈsut/ n. 
1.  pursuit of something: the act of looking for or trying to find something
    追求
    - the pursuit of happiness / knowledge / profit
	- She traveled the world in pursuit of her dreams.
	- This company is famous for its pursuit of higher quality.
2.  the act of following or chasing someone
	- We drove away with two police cars in pursuit.
3.  an activity that you do regularly, often for pleasure
	- outdoor / artistic pursuits.

the way to go: the best method for doin ga particular thing
- A law against dumping waste is the way to go.

intensive /ɪnˈtɛnsɪv/ adj.
1.  involving a lot of work or activity done in a short time
	- an intensive language courses
	- two weeks of intensive training
	- intensive diplomatic negotiations
		- dioplomatic /ˌdɪpləˈmæt̮ɪk/  外交 
		  connected with managing relations between countries 
2.  extremely thorough; done with a lot of care
	- His disappearance has been the subject of intensive investigation

if this is you: 

[Info Cloud]
break with tradition: 打破傳統
- When McDonald's started offering salads, it seemed like they were breaking 
with tradition.
- It's a break with tradition.

[Daily Conversation]
tax refund booth: 
Could you tell me where the tax refund booth is?

[TEXT]
Becoming the boss
Those with a lot of experience in their field may wish to pursue an Executive
MBA (EMBA).
These degrees provide a general business education for upper-level managers.
Most EMBA students have jobs and spend 80 to 100 hours on work and study each 
week.
Take your time and choose carefully.
Finding the right MBA program may be one of the most important career decisions 
you ever make.

[Language Lab]
executive /ɪɡˈzɛkyət̮ɪv/ n. 
1.  a person who has an important job as a manager of a company or an 
	organization
	- ADVERTISING / BUSINESS / SALES, etc. executives
	- a chief / senior executive in a computer company
2.  a group of people who run a company or an organization
	- The union's executive has yet to reach a decision.
	
executive /ɪɡˈzɛkyət̮ɪv/ adj. 管理的, 執行的
connected with managing a business or an organization, and with making plans 
and decisions
- Chief Executive Officer [CEO]

field: area of study  

pay offer

take your time: do not rush

ever: some point in time 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190220 Beyond Cape Town
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Enjoying nature in the Western Cape

[TEXT]
I like to get the most out of my travels, especially when my destination is far 
away.
So after attending our friends' wedding in Cape Town, South Africa, my husband 
and I went on a post-wedding adventure with the bride and groom!
In Nature
I enjoy being out in nature, so I was excited for an overnight stay at the 
Camkaberg Nature Reserve.
The reserve is home to many different animal species including Cape mountain 
zebra, leopards and honey badgers.
We were even greeted by a small deer-like animal when we arrived at the main 
lodge.

[Language Lab]

groom and bride 新郎和新娘
- The father of the bride walked her to the front of the church and gave her 
  hand to the groom. 
- The groom asked his best friend from high school to be his best man.

lodge /lɑdʒ/ n. a building or hotel in the country where people stay when they
want to take part in some types of outdoor sports 度假屋
- The family went to a ski lodge in Aspen, Colorado, for their Christmas 
  vacation.
- The hunting lodge is quite cozy and well maintained.

lodge v. to pay to live in a room in someone's house
- He lodged with Mrs. Brown when he arrived in the city.

get the most out of + (n.)

n. + like

leopard /ˈlɛpərd/ n. 豹子

[Idioms]
a leopard cannot change its spots: prople cannot change their character, 
especially if if they have a bad character

[Info Cloud]
the great outdoors: 郊外地區
- I love being in the great outdoors.

[TEXT]
The trails on the reserve are oopen to day visitors, but at night the reserve 
is open only to eco lodge guests.
These eco lodges are not really lodges but tented camps which made me feel like 
I was glamping.
The campsite had two beautiful permanent tents, a splash pool, kitchen building, 
fire pit and a dry toilet.
With no light sources nearby, we felt as if we were in the middle of nowhere as
we sat around the fire and looked up at the stars.

[Language Lab]
glamping = glamorous + camping

glamorous /ˈɡlæmərəs/ adj. especially attractive and different from ordinary 
things or people 富有魅力的
- glamorous movie stars
- a glamorous job

nowhere

open to + n.: being accessable to someone
closed to the public

eco lodge
















