--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190103
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Inventions by Kids
Kids have some great ideas

TEXT:
Great inventors such as Leonardo da Vince, Henry Ford and Hedy Lamarr have 
impacted people's lives with their inventions.
While their contributions are certainly valuable, other amazing inventions were
actually created by children!

The trampoline 蹦床
Trampolines are great for both fun and exercise, but they are a fairly recent 
invention.
In the 1930s George Nissen was inspired to make a bouncy "net" after seeing a 
circus performance.

impact: to have an effect on something
- Her father's death impacted greatly  on her childhood years.
- The company's performance was impacted by the high value of the dollar.

impact n.

circus /ˈsərkəs/ 馬戲團

invent

bouncy /ˈbaʊnsi/ 
1.  that bounces well or that has the ability to make something bounce 有彈性
    - a very bouncy ball
    - The ball is not bouncy enough. I need to pump it up.
    - Pump: 泵
   
2.  lively and full of energy
    - Stephanie is always bouncy when she gets to school.

bounce v.

to bounce back and forth between sth
to discuss sth / to consider or change between several options.
    - No, I have not settled on a college yet -- 
	  I am still bouncing back and forth between a few options.

bounce back from sth == recover
to become healthy, successful, or confident again after being sick or having 
difficulties
    - He's had a lot of problems, but he always seems to bounce back pretty 
	  quickly
	  
bouncing around 
1.  Of a person, to move or change between several different things, such as 
    jobs or places
	- Well, since I graduated from school, I have just been bouncing around, 
	  working any job I can get. 
	- That player has bounced around a lot in his short career - in three years
	  he's already been on five teams.
2.  To discuss something with other people by mentioning it informally, in passing, 
    or ate various times
	- I bounced around the idea of becoming an actress with many people before 
	  discussing it with my parents


fairly
(before adj. and adv.) to some extent but not very
    - a fairly easy book
    - a fairly typical reaction
    - I know him fairly well, but I wouldn't say we were really close friends.
    - I go jogging fairly regularly.
    - We'll have to leave fairly soon.
    - I'm fairly certain I can do the job.
    - I think you'll find it fairly difficult

to be inspired to do sth

TEXT:
He though it would be more entertaining for performers to continue bouncing 
instead of landing in a net.
So, at the age of 16, he made a "bouncing rig" by stretching thick cloth in a 
metal frame.

The Popsicle 棒冰
Cold weather led to the creation of a beloved, and delicious, invention - 
the ice pop or Popsicle, Frank Epperson was just 11 years old when he 
accidentally created his first Popsicle.
He was making himself a soda drink and left his glass outside overright.
When he found it in the morning, it had frozen solid with the stir stick still 
in the glass.
And the first Popsicle was born.

to lead to ...
frozen solid 
was born


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190104
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Inventions by Kids
Kids have some great ideas

TEXT:
BEACON - Bringing Electricity Access to Countries through Ocean Energy

When Hannah Herbst was just 14 years old, she was named America's Top Young 
Scientist for inventing a device called BEACON.
After receiving a letter from her Ethiopian pen pal, Hannah was inspired to 
create a device that could convert the energy from ocean waves into electricity.
In time, she hopes it will help people without easy access to electricity like 
her friend in Ethiopia.

device: 手段，策略
a plan or trick that is used to get something that someone wants
	- The report was a device used to hide rather than reveal problems.
	- Lowering interest rates is one of the government's devices to boost the 
	  economy.

named ... 
in time, in the future, 

beacon: 
1.	a light that is placed somewhere to guide vehicles and warn them of danger
2.	beacon of hopes for something, a person, principle, etc. that guides others 
    or is a good model for them to follow
	- The International Red Cross is a beacon of hope for many victims of war.
	- He was a beacon of hope for the younger generation.
	- America is beacon for freedom.
3.  a radio station whose signal helps ships and aircraft to find their position
    - The plane was guided in by radio beacon.
	
TEXT:
Braille
Even a life-changing written language was created by a kid.
Three-year-old Louis Braille experienced a serious eye injury that blinded him 
in one eye.
An infection from the injury caused him to lose vision in his other eye as well. 
Louis struggled to read by moving his fingers across raised letters, but that 
proved very difficult.
At the age of 12, Louis learned about a silent communication system used by the 
French military.
Messages could be read silently with fingertips.
He changed that system from 12 raised dots to just six dots and created Braille.
It is now used around the world!

infection
1.  the act or process of causing or getting a disease
    - to be exposed to infection
	- to increase the risk of infection
2.  an illness that is caused by bacteria or a virus
    - an ear/sinus infection
	- to spread an infection
	- The little boy got a serious ear infection

infect with
    - Patients infected with TB (肺结核) are isolated for treatment.

life-changing: make big difference in people's life

vision: 
to prove ... 
fingertips

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190107
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Courtesy While Driving
Is it really a big deal?

TEXT
Peter and John use different forms of transportation to get to work.
Peter likes to ride his scooter, especially when the weather is nice.
But if the weather is cold or rainy, he takes the bus.
John thinks driving his car to the office is convenient.
That way he can get to fwork quickly, no matter what the weather is like.
Hey, Peter, how was traffic this morning?
Traffic was really terrible today, John.
Why? Did something in particular happen?
The car in front of me wanted to turn left
But the driver didn't use his turn signal and stopped suddenly in the 
intersection.
He almost caused an accident!
I'm glad there was no accident. 
Me too.
People need to use some common courtesy when they drive.
What do you mean?
For starters, people should use their turn signals properly.
That helps others know what you plan to do.
I don't know.
Using turn signals doesn't seem like a big deal to me.
Drivers can pay attention to what's happening on the road and respond 
accordingly.


courtesy, COMMON COURTESY
n.
1.  polite behavior that shows respect for other people
	- I was treated with the utmost (greatest; most extreme) courtesy by the staff.
	- We asked them, as a matter of courtesy, if we could photograph their house.
	- It's only common courtesy to tell the neighbors that we'll be having a 
	  party (The kind of behavior that people would expect)
2.  a polite  thing that you say or do when you meet people in formal situations
	- an exchange of courtesies before the meeting

transportation 交通工具, 運輸

scooter & motorcycle

in particular: especially or particularly
- He loves science fiction in particular.
- (In a shop) Are you looking for something in particular?

intersection

accordingly

according to sth

turn signal / blinker / indicator

to get in an accident

for starters

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190118
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lewis and Clark
These brave explorers traveled the wilds of North America

[TEXT]
On January 18, 1803, President Thomas Jefferson sent the U.S. Congress a message.
He wanted to send a group of men to explore a large section of land that is now 
the United States.

That group, led by men named Meriwether Lewis and William Clark, set out on 
May 14, 1804. Their travels would be filled with danger and discovery.

set out (on / at / for): 
1.  to leave a place and begin a journey
	- They set out on the last stage of their journey.
2. to begin a job, task, etc. with a particular aim or goal
	- She set out to break the world record.
	- They succeeded in what they set out to do.
	
set something out / set out something
1.  to arrange or display things
    - Her work is always very well set out.
2.  to present ideas, facts, etc. in an organized way, in speech or writing
    - He set out his objections to the plan.
	- She set out the reasons for her resignation in a long letter.

filled with something: There are lots of something in somewhere

The journey is the destination.

[TEXT]
The first part of Lewis and Clark's journey involved traveling up the Missouri 
River by boat. They had to travel upstream, so they pulled, pushed or forced the
boats forward with poles. Heat and insects made the trip difficult. One member 
of the group died from an infection after only a few months. 
But the trip was very successful. Lewis and Clark discovered at least 180 species
of plants and 120 animals on their journey.
There ranged from small bushed to huge trees and included both prairie dogs and 
grizzly bears.

apart adv.
1.  separated by a distance, of space or time
	- The two houses stood 500 feet apart.
    - Their birthdays are only three days apart.
	- The two sides in the talks are still a long way apart.
	  are far from reaching an agreement
2.  not together; separate or separately
    - We are living apart now.
	- Over the years, Emily and I had drifted apart.
	- She keeps herself apart from other people.
	- I can't tell the twins apart (see the difference between them)
3.  into pieces
    - The whole thing just came apart in my hands.
	- We had to take the engine apart.
	- When his wife died, his world fell apart.
	
journey: an act of traveling from one place to another, especially when they are 
far apart 
trip: short journey 

upstream
downstream

to travel on foot
to travel by bus
to make something difficult

to range from something to something else

grizzly bear: 大灰熊
prairie: 草原
prairie dogs

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190206 Let's Play a Board Game! A "bored" game is anything but!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[TEXT]
What better way to spend time with friends than pitting your wits against theirs
with a board game?
But which one? Oook no further than the iconic board game, Monopoly.
Available in around 40 different languages and hundreds of editions, tha popular 
game gets its name from the economic term monopoly.
In the game, players want to collect as much real estate as possible to increase 
their wealth and bankrupt others. 
Players can strategize, but luck may favor any player at any time.
The family favorite game was modified several times before becoming the 
Monopoly we know today.

iconic /aɪˈkɑnɪk/ adj. 具有代表性的
acting as a sign or symbol of something
- Steve Jobs is one of the iconic figures in the world of mobile devices.
- The Grand Hotel is an iconic building that many tourists like to visit when 
  they come to Taipei.

icon: A famous person or thing that people admire and see as symbol of a 
particular idea, way of life, etc.

strategize v. 制定战略 / strategy n.
- Our marketing team spent months strategizing how to promote this new product.
- The CEO always comes earlier than his staff, to spend time planning and 
strategizing in his office.

anything but: definitely not
- The hotel was anything but cheap.
- It wasn't cheap. Anything but.

What better way to do something than to do something else ... ?
- What better way to spend my afternoon than relaxing at the beach. 
  I think relaxing on the beach is the best way to spend the afternoon.

to pit somebody/something against something
to test someone or their strength, intelligence, etc. in a struggle or contest 
against someone or something else
pit: make holes

wit: the ability to say or write things that are both smart and amusing

a numbers game

[TEXT]
The genesis of this game goes back to one woman's protest against real monopolies.
In 1904, Elizabeth Magie created the Landlord's Game to teach the importance
of sharing wealth with others.
She created two sets of rules.
The first showed how everyone can benefit when wealth was created.
The other revolved around individuals increasing their own wealth and bankrupting
opponents.
Her intention was to illustrate that the first version - 
the one where players share their wealth - was morally superior to the second one.
However, the latter became the more popular of the two.

genesis: /ˈdʒɛnəsəs/ n. the beginning or origin of something
- Through the ages, many scientists have tried to find the genesis of the universe.

opponent: 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190207 Let's Play a Board Game! A "bored" game is anything but!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[TEXT]
Since ancient times, board games have both challenged and amused people.
In most cultures, board games were a form of entertainment in addition to being 
an extension of teaching morals and values.
Some widely known board games were originally aimed at sharing beliefs.
Monopoly originally taught people about the evils of amassing wealth at others'
expense.
The Game of Life emphasized living a good life rather than becoming a millionaire.
Snakes and Ladders initially had more snakes than ladders, and was a reminder 
that sometimes it's easier to do wrong than right.
Over time, the morality of these games and others were less emphasized, and today, 
board games are recognized for their entertainment value.

ladder /ˈlædər/  梯子

amass /əˈmæs/ v.
to collect something, especially in large quantities
- He amassed a fortune from silver mining.
- They amassed enough evidence to convict her.
- It took years for the couple to amass sufficient money to buy their first house.
amassment n.
The country's amassment of troops near the border caused lots of tension.


convict /kənˈvɪkt/ v.
to decide and state officially in court that someone is guilty of a crime
- a convicted murderer
- He was convicted of fraud.
- There wasn't enough evidence to convict her

fraud /frɔd/ n.
the crime of cheating someone in order to get money or goods illegally
- She was charged with credit card fraud.
- property that has been obtained by fraud
- a $100 million fraud

morality /məˈrælət̮i/ n.
1. principles concerning right and wrong or good and bad behavior
   - matters of public / private morality
   - Standards of morality seem to be dropping.
   - Parents are responsible for teaching children standards of morality.

moral adj. and n.

in addition to ... = as well as 

at someone's expense
1. paid for by someone
   - We were taken out for dinner at the company's expense.
2. if you make a joke at someone's expense, you laugh at them and make them 
   feel silly

a good life

in the cards / on the cards
likely to happen
- The merger has been in the cards for some time now.

[TEXT]
In today's digital age, there has been a resurgence of tabletop board games.
Humans like tangibility and feedback.
Drawing a card, rolling dice and moving pieces on a board provides those things 
in a way a screen does not.
Game playing also allows for personal interactions that digital games cannot offer.
Childhood favorites remain popular, and a whole new array of games have come onto 
the market.
All these provide opportunities for much fun in the company of friends.

resurgence /rɪˈsərdʒəns/ n.
the return and growth of an activity that had stopped
- a resurgence of interest in the artist's work

resurge v.

tangibility 有形, 可接触性, 確切性
- On-line shopping cannot provide the real tangibility of products
- The evidence the defendant provided doesn't have enough tangibility to prove
  his innocence.
  
tangible /ˈtændʒəbl/ adj.
1. that can be clearly seen to exist
   - The new commercial hasn't brought any tangible increase in the sales.
   
2. that you can touch and feel


childhood favorite: a lot of kids likes

the market 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190208 Test-Taking Tips: How to handle your next test
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[TEXT]
Passing tests is a huge part of succeeding at school.
Clearly, if you want to do well on a test, you need to prepare by learning the 
material. 
But other actions can help make test-taking easier.
JUST BREATHE
Even the best prepared student sometimes gets nervous before a test.
Nervous feelings can cause people to forget facts that they know.
So one important test-taking tip is to try to relax.

nervousness
relaxation

to handle 
how do you handle stress

clearly

to pass the smell test 直觉测试 是否值得信任
(idiomatic) An informal method for determining whether something is authentic, 
credible, or ethical, by using one's common sense or sense of propriety. 
An inspection of an object using the sense of smell, as for freshness of food.

to pass the sniff test
- His idea was exciting hut it didn't pass the sniff test for the boss.
- Your shirt doesn't pass the sniff test. Please wash it!

[TEXT]
Breathing deeply is helpful for this.
So is moving you body slightly, such as by rolling your shoulders around.
Try to arrive for a test a few minutes early, so you can relax before it starts.
My father once gave me a helpful piece of advice.
He said that if your stomach feels queasy, that's not actually bad.
That's the result of your body producing adrenaline, which gives you energy to 
succeed.
It might help to tell yourself that you're excited, instead of nervous.
That will help you think more positively, relax and do better.

queasy /ˈkwizi/ adj. 
1.  feeling sick; wanting to vomit = nauseous
	- traveling by boat makes me queasy.
	- His stomach still felt fqueasy and he was grateful for the fresh air.
	- Now that she's pregnant, Samantha feels queasy every time she smells 
	  French fries
	- Many passengers started to feel queasy after the boat sailed into the open 
	  water
	
2.  slightly nervous or worried about something 
	- Now she'd arrived she felt queasy inside.
	
	
adrenaline /əˈdrɛnl̩ən/ n. 腎上腺素
a substance produced in the body when you are excited, afraid, or angry.
It makes the heart beat faster and increases your energy and ability to move 
quickly
- The excitement at the start of a race can really get the adrenaline flowing.
- a rush/surge of adrenaline

to roll your shoulders
shrug your shoulders

piece of advice

to psych yourself up: to make yourself feel excited 讓自己精神振作起來
to prepare someone/yourself mentally for something difficult or unpleasant

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test-Taking Tips
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[TEXT]
Pay Attention to the Time
When you are handed a test, look over all the questions before you begin.
Read them carefullly, noticing details.
Also pay attention to how many points each question is worth.
Divide your time based on the percentage of your grade each question is worth.
First answer questions you know and then go back to the difficult ones.
That way you don't spend too long on one question.

[Language Lab]
in detail: 
- Laura loves to tell her mother about her days at school in detail.

percentage
- What percentage of the workers employed by your company are physically 
  challenged?
  - physically challenged: someone who is physically challenged has a problem
    with their body that makes it difficult for them to do things that other 
    people can do easily
- The percentage of teenagers who only interact on social media is increasing.
- Thfe unemployment rate dropped by 0.5 percent last quarter.

to pay attention to something

to look over == glance
to examine something to see how good, big etc. it is. 
to look quickly at something or someone

each ... is worth

[The Info Cloud]
to stand the test of time 经得起时间的考验
- The Buddhist Scriptures is a book that has stood the test of time.
- My grandparents have been married for 50 years, 
  their marriage has stood the test of time.

[TEXT]
But try to write an answer for every question on the test, even if you're not
sure of the answer.
The only exception is if you will lose points for wrong answers.
If possible, try to finish early so you have time to review your answers and 
correct mistakes.
If you're not sure whether you should change an answer, it's best not to.
More often than not, your first instinct will be correct.
Try Your Best
Above all, study well and try your best.
If you do that, you can be proud of whatever score you get.

[Language Lab]
review something: to carefully examine or consider something again, 
especially so that you can decide whether any changes need to be made.
- Don't forget to review your answers before turning in your test.
- After the incident, the airline's safety procedures are being reviewed.
- Joseph always reviews after each class, and it helps him get good grades.

incident: something that happens, especially something unusual or unpleasant

instinct /ˈɪnstɪŋkt/ n.
1.  instinct for something/for doing something
    instinct to do something
    a natural tendency for people and animals to behave in a particular way, 
    using the knowledge and abilities that they were born with rather than 
    thought or training 
    - maternal instincts 母性本能
    - Once a woman gets pregnant, her maternal instincts will kick in.
        - kick in: to begin to take effect
    - When the detective saw the suspect, his first instinct told him that this 
      guy is guilty.
    - All my instincts warned me to leave this place at once.


2.  instinct that ...
    a feeling that makes you do something or believe that something is true, 
    even though it is not based on facts or reason 

the only exception

Budget your time!

More often than not = usually; in a way that is typical of someone or something
通常情況下

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190211 The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is everything still awesome in Bricksburg?

[TEXT]
Five years age, a group of characters made from LEGO bricks hit the big screen.
Audiences met Emmet, an ordinary construction worker and a positive, caring guy.
His adventures begin when he sees a strange figure on a construction site.
He follows her and discovers a plan that will destroy the LEGO universe.
So he and his friends work together to save it.
Their adventures entertained moviegoers and earned more than $450 million 
dollars at the box office.

[Language Lab]
universe
construction
universal

awesome
Legos

figure
1.  a person of the type mentioned 人士
	- a leading figure in the music industry
	- a political figure

2.	the shape of a person seen from a distance or not clearly 身影
	- a tall figure in black
	- I saw a shadowy figure approaching.

[Info Cloud]
Box Office

[TEXT]
Now those citizens of Bricksburg are back.
They're facing a new threat: Invaders from outer space.
The invaders are wrecking everything, and the people of Bricksburg can't rebuild
fast enough.
Emmet, Kucy, Batman and their friends must work together to stop the invaders.
To do that, the friends must travel far away to strange new worlds.
In one of those worlds, everything is a musical!
They must be creative and test their building skills to save their LEGO universe.

[Language Lab]
threat /θrɛt/ n. 
1.	threat to do something. a statement in which you tell someone that you 
	will punish or harm them, especially if they do not do what you want
	- to make threats against someone
	- She is prepared to carry out her threat to resign.
	- He received death threats from right-wing groups.
	- The country's massive military exercise posed threats to neighboring 
	  nations.

threaten v.
	- The bully used to threaten the boy to pay for his lunch every day.
	
wreck /rɛk/ v. 
1.  wreck something, to damage or destroy something
	- The building had been wrecked by the explosion.
	- The mob wrecked twenty-four cars.
	- The hurricane wrecked this coastal town, and many lost their homes.
	- The affair wrecked the whole family, so the kids now live with their 
	  parents separately.
	
2.  wreck n.
	- Luckily, no one was hurt in the car wreck.
	
mob /mɑb/ n. a large crowd of people, especially one that may become violent or 
cause trouble

hurricane /ˈhərəˌkeɪn/ n. 颶風

[Phrases]
outer space
to rebuild
to do that... 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Valentine's Day Debate
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is Valentine's Day worth celebrating?

Valentine's Day is on February 14th, and it's coming soon!
Dan and Leo are talking about the holiday.
Dan is really looking forward to it.
But Leo thinks there are better ways to show your affection than giving sweet 
treats and expensive flowers.

Dan: It's almost Valentine's Day. I'm so excited!
Leo: Why is that?
Dan: My girlfriend and I have been dating for three years.
     I have planned a Valentine's gift that will blow her mind.
	 I'm giving her a hundred roses and a giant chocolate teddy bear!
Leo: Wow! What an expensive gift.

[Language Lab]
affection /əˈfɛkʃn/  n.
the feeling of liking or loving someone or something very much and caring about 
them
- Children need lots of love and affection.
- He didn't show his wife any affection.
- affection for somebody / something : Superman's affection for Lois Lane
- I have a great affection for New York.
- Oliver confessed his admiration and affection to Joanne on their first date.
	- confess /kənˈfɛs/  v. to admit, especially formally or to the police, 
	  that you have done something wrong or illegal
	  - After hours of questioning, the suspect confessed.
	admiration /ˌædməˈreɪʃn/ n. a feeling of respect and liking for someone or 
	something
- The boy has strong affection for his dog and always wants to stay with it.

affect: to make someone have strong feelings of sadness, anger, etc. 
to use or wear something that is intended to impress other people 感动，打动
- They were deeply affected by the news of her death.
- Try not to let his problems affect you too much.
- Many viewers were deeply affected by this documentary.

blow someone's mind: to produce a very strong pleasant or shocking feeling
使人感到震撼和感动
- The effectiveness and precision of this corporation can really blow you mind.
	- effective adj. 高效的
	- precision /prɪˈsɪʒn/ n. the quality of being exact, accurate, and careful
- The special effects of the movie blew my mind when I first watched it.

mind-blowing adj. very exciting, impressive, or surprising
- mind-blowing invention 
	
debate /dɪˈbeɪt/ 
n. an argument or discussion expressing different opinions 
v. to discuss something, especially formally, before making a decision or finding
a solution

to show affection 表達愛意

love-hate relationship 愛恨交織
a relationship in which your feelings for someone or something are a mixture of 
love and hatred
- She has a love-hare relationship with her job.

hatred /ˈheɪtrəd/ n. a very strong feeling of dislike for someone or something

Dan: She's worth it, and I know she's got something special in mind for me, too.
     We're going to celebrate the day of love with romantic gifts!
Leo: That's great. But don't you think it's a little conventional?
Dan: Conventional? So I guess you bought 200 roses then.
Leo: NO, there's nothing wrong with giving flowers.
     But I just think there are more practical ways to show your love.
Dan: Like what? Do you have Valentine's plans with your girlfriend yet?
Leo: Actually, we decided to skip the holiday this year.
Dan: What? Did you have a fight? Is something wrong? 
Leo: Not at all. It seems to us that the holiday is a little superficial.

[Language Lab]
conventional /kənˈvɛnʃənl/ adj.
following what is traditional or the way something has been done for a long time
- Most conventional Japanese females stop working after they get married and 
  become full-time housewives.
  
superficial /ˌsupərˈfɪʃl/ adj. 淺薄的， 肤浅的， 表层的 
- The book only gives superficial insights of this historic tragedy.
	- tragedy 悲劇
- Nathan admits he's just a superficial guy who judges a girl only by her 
  appearance.
- The cut is quite superficial so no stitches are required.

to have (got) ... in mind

don't you think it's a little + [adj.]? 

to have a fight


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Valentine's Day Debate
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Is Valentine's Day worth celebrating?
  
[TEXT]
Dan: I don't follow your logic.
	 Why would you skip the chance to do something special for someone you love?
Leo: I'd rather show my affection on a day that's very special to us.
	 Next month will be the anniversary of the day we met, so we're going to 
	 celebrate that.
Dan: What will you do?
Leo: We'll go to the park where we first met and have a candlelight picnic as 
     the sun is setting. How romantic!
Dan: That would make a great date for Valentine's Day.
Leo: Sure. But that day the park will be crowded with a lot of other couples.
     We'll have it to ourselves on our anniversary.

[Language Lab]
convincing /kənˈvɪnsɪŋ/ adj. that makes someone believe that something is true
convince v. to make someone / yourself believe that something is true
to persuade someone to do something

have something to yourself: 好好享受
- She can have the whole week to herself.
- George was the only passenger in the business class cabin, so he had the whole 
  cabin to himself.

to follow: to understand

to skip: to pass over something on purpose

the sun is setting: 

to get along: 

that would make a great + (n.)

[Info-Cloud]
All is fair in love and war: 
In some situations any type of behavior is acceptable to get what you want
- Mary left her boyfriend to marry Tom. I guess all is fair in love and war.
- Bill Gates was accused of stealing Steve Jobs' idea. All is fair in love and war.
	- accuse: to say that someone has done something wrong or is guilty of 
	          something

[TEXT]
Dan: Why can't Valentine's Day be a special day for you and your girlfriend?
Leo: Because everyone celebrates it. 
Dan: What about Christmas? Everyone celebrates Christmas. Does that mean it's not 
     special?
Leo: That's different. Christmas has deeper meaning.
     Valentine's Day just is not the same.
Dan: Valentine's Day has a special meaning, too!
     It celebrates showing devotion to the people you love.
Leo: That's a nice way of seeing it.
     However, most people just use it as a chance to buy things.
Dan: Sure, But you're showing your love and that's a good idea any day!

[Language Lab]
devotion /dɪˈvoʊʃn/ n. devotion to somebody / something 忠誠
1.  great love, care and support for someone or something
	- His devotion to his wife and family is touching. 很動人
	- Wearing wedding rings is a way for couples to show their devotion to each 
	  other.
	- These volunteers' devotion to caring for the needy is admirable.
	
	
2.  the action of spending a lot of time or energy on something
	- her devotion to duty
	- Her devotion to the job left her with very little free time.

devote to: to give most of your time, energy, attention, etc. to someone or 
something 
- The teacher devoted her life to teaching special education students.

why can't ... 

get along

what about

to prove your point 

... just isn't the same: different and not that good


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apple's First Electric Car
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When will we see Apple cars on the road?
[TEXT]
Apple is famous for its secrecy.
But in 2015, it made a big splash when it approached the California Department 
of Motor Vehicles for permits to test autonomous cars on public roads.
Word got out about Project Titan, which reportedly had an extensive team of 
engineers dedicated to bringing about an autonomous Apple car.
There was a lot of speculation about what Apple could bring to the automotive 
world. Globe shaped wheels, self-tinting windows and unique seating 
configurations were among the promises of what an Apple car would have.

[Language Lab]

secrecy /ˈsikrəsi/ n. 保密
the fact of making sure that nothing is known about something; 
the state of being secret
- the need for absolute secrecy in this matter
- Everyone involved was sworn to secrecy.
- the whole affair is still shrouded in secrecy. 整個事件仍然籠罩在秘密之中。

Word got out
Refers to information that was originally supposed to be kept quiet or limited 
to just a few people was spread to more people until it became more widely known.
- If word gets out about the affair, he will have to resign.

bring about something / bring something about
to make something happen
- What brought about the change in his attitude?

autonomous /ɔˈtɑnəməs/ adj. 獨立自主的
1.  (of a person) able to do things and make decisions without help from anyone 
    else
    - Teachers aim to help children become autonomous learners.

speculation /ˌspɛkyəˈleɪʃn/ n. 推測
1.  the act of forming opinions about what has happened or what might happen 
    without knowing all the facts
	- Speculation about the band's reunion began as soon as they broke up last 
	  year.
	- The secret wedding of the two young idols proved to be pure speculation.
	- There was widespread speculation that she was going to resign.
	- His private life is the subject of much speculation.

speculate /ˈspɛkyəˌleɪt/  v.
1.  to form an opinion about something without knowing all the details or facts
    - We all speculated about the reasons for her resignation.
	- They were all speculating as to the identity of the stranger.
	- It is useless to speculate why he did it.
	- We can speculate that the stone circles were used in some sort of pagan 
	  ceremony.
	- The media is speculating about the making of another sequel to this 
	  sci-fi blockbuster.

splash /splæʃ/ v.
1.  to fall noisily onto a surface
	- Water splashed onto the floor.
	- Rain splashed against the windows.
2.  to make someone or something wet by making water, mud, etc. fall on them/it
    - He splashed cold water on his face.
	- He splashed his face with cold water.
3.  to move through water making drops fly everywhere
4.  to decorate something with areas of bring color, not in a regular pattern

splash n.
1.  the sound of something hitting liquid or of liquid hitting something
    - We heard the splash when she fell into the pool.
2.  a small amount of liquid that falls onto something; the mark that this makes 
    - splashes of water on the floor
	- dark splashes of mud on her skirt
3.  a small area of bright color or light that contrasts with the colors around 
    it 
	- These flowers will give a splash of color throughout the summer.
4.  a small amount of liquid that you add to a drink
	- coffee with just a splash of milk
	- a scotch with a splash of soda

make, cause, etc. a splash: 
to do something in a way that attracts a lot of attention or causes a lot of 
excitement
- Her first book made a big splash.
- Parents still like to make a splash for a daughter's wedding.

attract /əˈtrækt/ v.
1.  if you are attracted by something, it interests you and makes you want it;
    if you are attracted by someone, you like or admire them
	- I had always been attracted by the idea of working abroad.
	- What first attracted me to her was her sense of humor.
2.  to make people have a particular reaction
    - This proposal has attracted a lot of interest.
	- His comments were bound to attract criticism.
	
on/off the radar (screen): used to say that people's attention is on or not on 
something
- The issue of terrorism is back on the radar screen.

[Info Cloud]
Word
- Can I have a word with you.

the last/final word on something: the last comment or decision about something
- The boss has the final word.

the last word (in something). the most recent, fashionable, advanced, etc. thing
- Jenna always wants to have the last word. It makes her feel like she won the 
  argument.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20190218 Choosing an MBA Program [Find teh program that's right for you]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[TEXT]
Choosing an MBA program is a big decision. 
With thousands of universities to choose from, finding the right program takes 
time.
So how do you find one that is right for you? 
People attend business school for different reasons. 
Some want to change careers or advance in their current jobs. 
Others want to develop contacts, skills and experience in their fields.
Before choosing a program, know what you want to get out of your studies.

[Language Lab]
MBA: Master of Business Administration

right for you: correct for a particular situation or thing, or for a particular 
person

on the job: while doing a particular job
- No sleeping on the job!
- on-the-job training 在職培訓

to get something out of somebody/something
to gain or obtain something good from someone or something
- She seems to get a lot out of life.
- He always gets the best out of people.

to get out of something
1.  to avoid a responsibility or duty
2.  to stop having a particular habit

[Info Cloud]
Corporate Ladder 企業階梯

[TEXT]
Don't just rely on school rankings.
Learn all you can about the courses you will take and the people who will teach 
them.
Make sure the program you choose offers classes that will help you in your 
future career.
Completing an MBA requires a huge investment of time and money. 
Know what your MBA will really cost - including living expenses, books and travel.
Think about how the program will affect your life.
Contact former MBA students to see if they can offer you any helpful suggestions.

[Language Lab]
ranking /ˈræŋkɪŋ/ n.
1.  the position of someone or something on a scale that shows how good or 
    important they are in relation to other similar people or things, especially 
	in sports
	- He has improved his ranking this season from 67th to 30th.
	- She has retained her No.1 world ranking.
2.  the rankings: an official list showing the best players of a particular 
    sport in order of how successful they are 
	- He is currently 17th in the world rankings.
	
ranking adj. having a high or the highest rank in an organization, etc.
- The scandal involves ranking officers of the government.

to make sure: to confirm

living expense

suggestion vs. advice







